README.md, before:

# Python for Actions
This repository contains the code and scripts that we use to build Python packages used in [runner-images](https://github.com/actions/runner-images) and accessible through the [setup-python](https://github.com/actions/setup-python) Action.
File [versions-manifest.json](./versions-manifest.json) contains the list of available and released versions.

> Caution: this is prepared for and only permitted for use by actions `runner-images` and `setup-python` action.

Some versions are pre-installed on [runner-images](https://github.com/actions/runner-images) images.
More versions are available to install on-the-fly through the [`setup-python`](https://github.com/actions/setup-python) action.

## Building installation packages
**Ubuntu:** The official Python sources are downloaded from [python.org](https://www.python.org/ftp/python/), built using the `make` tool, and archived along with the installation script for further distribution and installation. We build each Python version against all [versions of Ubuntu](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/using-github-hosted-runners/about-github-hosted-runners#supported-runners-and-hardware-resources) that are available at the time the Python version is released.

**macOS:** 
- For **Python < 3.11**, the official Python sources are downloaded from [python.org](https://www.python.org/ftp/python/), built using the `make` tool, and archived along with the installation script for further distribution and installation.  For backward compatibility, we build each Python version against the oldest [version of macOS](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/using-github-hosted-runners/about-github-hosted-runners#supported-runners-and-hardware-resources) that is available at the time the Python version is released.
- For **Python >= 3.11**, the official macOS `universal2` Python binaries are simply downloaded from [python.org](https://www.python.org/ftp/python/) and archived along with the installation script for further distribution and installation.

**Windows:** The official Python executables are simply downloaded from [python.org](https://www.python.org/ftp/python/) and archived along with the installation script for further distribution and installation.

## Support policy
We aim to make new versions of Python available as soon as they are released. Both stable and prerelease versions are considered for building and releasing. Please open an issue in [actions/setup-python](https://github.com/actions/setup-python) if a version you're looking for isn't available.

When a new version of an operating system is released and made available for use with [GitHub hosted runners](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/using-github-hosted-runners/about-github-hosted-runners#supported-runners-and-hardware-resources), we will provide the **latest existing patch versions of Python for all major versions that have not reached [end-of-life](https://devguide.python.org/versions/)**.  Any subsequent Python versions will be made available for the new OS as well.

## Contribution
Contributions are welcome! See [Contributor's Guide](./CONTRIBUTING.md) for more details about contribution process and code structure

Commit message:

Update README.md and Add Support Notification Policy

README.md, after:

# Python for Actions
This repository contains the code and scripts that we use to build Python packages used in [runner-images](https://github.com/actions/runner-images) and accessible through the [setup-python](https://github.com/actions/setup-python) Action.
File [versions-manifest.json](./versions-manifest.json) contains the list of available and released versions.

> Caution: this is prepared for and only permitted for use by actions `runner-images` and `setup-python` action.

Some versions are pre-installed on [runner-images](https://github.com/actions/runner-images) images.
More versions are available to install on-the-fly through the [`setup-python`](https://github.com/actions/setup-python) action.

## Building installation packages
**Ubuntu:** The official Python sources are downloaded from [python.org](https://www.python.org/ftp/python/), built using the `make` tool, and archived along with the installation script for further distribution and installation. We build each Python version against all [versions of Ubuntu](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/using-github-hosted-runners/about-github-hosted-runners#supported-runners-and-hardware-resources) that are available at the time the Python version is released.

**macOS:** 
- For **Python < 3.11**, the official Python sources are downloaded from [python.org](https://www.python.org/ftp/python/), built using the `make` tool, and archived along with the installation script for further distribution and installation.  For backward compatibility, we build each Python version against the oldest [version of macOS](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/using-github-hosted-runners/about-github-hosted-runners#supported-runners-and-hardware-resources) that is available at the time the Python version is released.
- For **Python >= 3.11**, the official macOS `universal2` Python binaries are simply downloaded from [python.org](https://www.python.org/ftp/python/) and archived along with the installation script for further distribution and installation.

**Windows:** The official Python executables are simply downloaded from [python.org](https://www.python.org/ftp/python/) and archived along with the installation script for further distribution and installation.

## Support policy
We aim to make new versions of Python available as soon as they are released. Both stable and prerelease versions are considered for building and releasing. Please open an issue in [actions/setup-python](https://github.com/actions/setup-python) if a version you're looking for isn't available.

When a new version of an operating system is released and made available for use with [GitHub hosted runners](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/using-github-hosted-runners/about-github-hosted-runners#supported-runners-and-hardware-resources), we will provide the **latest existing patch versions of Python for all major versions that have not reached [end-of-life](https://devguide.python.org/versions/)**.  Any subsequent Python versions will be made available for the new OS as well.

Beginning **approximately six months prior** to the removal of a Python version from the [versions-manifest.json](https://github.com/actions/python-versions/blob/main/versions-manifest.json) file, a pinned issue will be created in the [setup-python](https://github.com/actions/setup-python) repository. This pinned issue will provide important details about the upcoming end of support, including the specific date, as well as any other notes, relevant updates or alternatives. We encourage users to regularly check pinned issues for updates on tool versions they are using for maximum transparency, security, performance and overall compatibility with their projects.

## Contribution
Contributions are welcome! See [Contributor's Guide](./CONTRIBUTING.md) for more details about contribution process and code structure
